Update CHANGELOG.md (#720)
robotology/idyntree: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Added a new CMake option `IDYNTREE_COMPILES_TOOLS` to disable compilation of iDynTree tools.
- Added a `KinDynComputations::getCentroidalTotalMomentumJacobian()` method (https://github.com/robotology/idyntree/pull/706)
- iDynTree now supports build compiled as a shared library also on Windows.

### Fixed

> - Fixed bug in `YARPRobotStatePublisherModule::onRead` that caused segmentation fault each time an invalid joint index is returned by `Model::getJointIndex` (https://github.com/robotology/idyntree/pull/719)

Reviewer: Hi @elandini84, this message is a bit dev oriented, while the `yarprobotstatepublisher` is a tool that is meant to be use as an executable. What do you think about:
```suggestion
- Fixed bug in `yarprobotstatepublisher` that caused segmentation fault each time an unknown joint name was read from the input joint states topic (https://github.com/robotology/idyntree/pull/719)
```
